
lightGallery comes with a lot of settings, events, and methods to
customize the gallery without touching the core code. You can find both
lightGallery core settings, and the built in plugin settings here.

== Passing settings

lightGallery accepts two parameters, an HTML element as the first
parameter and library settings as the second parameter. You need to pass
settings only if you want to modify default behaviors

[source, js]
----
lightGallery(document.getElementById('gallery-container'), {
  speed: 500,
  mode: 'lg-fade',
  ...
});
----

== Core settings

LightGallery comes with modular architecture. All the basic
functionalities are available in the core module. You need to include
plugins such if you need additional functionalities such as thumbnails,
vide support, zoom, etc. Here you can find all lightGallery core
settings. If you think something is missing, please check the respective
plugins settings as well.


=== addClass

Add custom class for gallery container This can be used to set different
style for different galleries

Type: string +
Default: ""

=== allowMediaOverlap

If true, toolbar, captions and thumbnails will not overlap with media
element This will not effect thumbnails if animateThumb is false Also,
toggle thumbnails button is not displayed if allowMediaOverlap is false

Note - Changing the position of the media on every slide transition
creates a flickering effect. Therefore, the height of the caption is
calculated dynamically, only once based on the first slide caption.

if you have dynamic captions for each media, you can provide an
appropriate height for the captions via allowMediaOverlap option

boolean +
false

=== appendCounterTo

Where the counter should be appended.

string +
".lg-toolbar"



== appendSubHtmlTo

Control where the sub-html should be appended. If you choose
'.lg-outer', you are responsible for placing the div at the right
position. '.lg-outer' is useful if you want show custom HTML outside the
normal gallery

.lg-sub-html .lg-item .lg-outer +
".lg-sub-html"

=== ariaDescribedby

aria-describedby attribute for gallery

Type:     string +
Default:  ""

=== ariaLabelledby
aria-labelledby attribute fot gallery

Type:     string +
Default:  ""


=== backdropDuration

Backdrop transition duration. Note - Do not change the value of backdrop
via css.

number +
300

=== closable

If false user won't be abel to close the gallery at all This is useful
for creating inline galleries.

boolean +
true

=== closeOnTap link:#closeOnTap

Allows clicks on black area to close gallery.

boolean +
true

=== container

Configure where the gallery should be appended. Useful to create inline
galleries and more It is an empty string in the default settings and
later assigned to document.body to avoid accessing document for SSR

Type:  +
Default

=== controls

If false, prev/next buttons will not be displayed.

boolean +
true

=== counter

Whether to show total number of images and index number of currently
displayed image.

boolean +
true


=== defaultCaptionHeight

Height of the caption for calculating allowMediaOverlap positions.

[NOTE]
====
This is only used to find the position of media item if allowMediaOverlap
is set to `true`, not for setting height of the captions. Set 0 if you want
to calculate the height of captions dynamically.
====

number +
0

=== download

Enable download button.

By default download url will be taken from data-src/href attribute but
it supports only for modern browsers. If you want you can provide
another url for download via data-download-url. pass false in
data-download-url if you want to hide download button for the particular
slide.

boolean +
true

=== dynamic

LightGallery can be instantiated and launched programmatically by
setting this option to true and populating dynamicEl option (see below)
with the definitions of images.

boolean +
false

=== dynamicEl

Type: Array +
Default: []

An array of objects (src, iframe, subHtml, thumb, poster, responsive,
srcset sizes) representing gallery elements.

=== easing

Slide animation CSS easing property

string +
"ease"

=== enableDrag

Enables desktop mouse drag support.

boolean +
true

=== enableSwipe

Enables swipe support for touch devices.

boolean +
true

=== escKey

Whether the LightGallery could be closed by pressing the "Esc" key.

boolean +
true

=== exThumbImage

Option to fetch different thumbnail image other than first image

If you want to use external image for thumbnail, add the path of that
image inside "data-" attribute and set value of this option to the name
of your custom attribute.

Type: string +
Default: ""

[source, html]
----
<div id="lightGallery">
  <a href="a.jpg" data-external-thumb-image="images/externalThumb.jpg" ><img src="thumb.jpg" /></a>
</div>

<script>
  lightGallery(document.getElementById('lightGallery'), {
      exThumbImage: 'data-external-thumb-image'
  });
</script>
----

=== extraProps

Fetch custom properties from the selector

this is useful for plugin development By default lightGallery fetches
and store all the props selectors to reduce frequent dom interaction for
fetching props every time. If you need any addition data to be fetched
and stored in the galleryItems variable, you can do this just by passing
the prop names via extraProps.

Type: Array +
Default: []

[source, html]
----
<div id="lightGallery">
    <a href="a.jpg" data-custom-prop="abc"><img src="thumb.jpg" /></a>
    <a href="a.jpg" data-custom-prop="xyz"><img src="thumb.jpg" /></a>
</div>

<script>
  lightGallery(document.getElementById('lightGallery'), {
      extraProps: ['customProp']
  });

  // Note:
  // If you are using dynamic mode, you can pass any custom
  // prop in the galleryItem
  lightGallery(document.getElementById('lightGallery'), {
      dynamic: true,
      dynamicEl: [{
          src: 'img/img1.jpg',
          customProp:'abc',
      }]
  });
</script>
----

=== getCaptionFromTitleOrAlt

Option to get captions from alt or title tags.

boolean +
true

=== height

Height of the gallery. example '100%' , '300px'

string +
"100%"

=== hideBarsDelay

Delay for hiding gallery controls in ms. Pass `0` if you don't want to
hide the controls.

number +
0

=== hideControlOnEnd

If true, prev/next button will be hidden on first/last image.

[NOTE]
====
This option will be ignored if `loop` or `slideEndAnimation` is
set to true
====

boolean +
false

=== hideScrollbar

Type:     boolean +
Defaulr:  false
Version:  *V2.5.0* and upper

Hide scrollbar when gallery is opened.

=== iframeHeight

Set height for iframe.

string +
"100%"

=== iframeMaxHeight

Set max height for iframe.

string +
"100%"

=== iframeMaxWidth

Set max width for iframe.

string +
"100%"

=== iframeWidth

Set width for iframe.

string +
"100%" +

=== index

Specify which slide should load initially.

number +
0

=== isMobile

Function to detect mobile devices.

Type: function +
Default: undefined

=== keyPress

Enable keyboard navigation.

boolean +
true

=== licenseKey

If you are using lightGallery for commercial projects, you need to
purchase a commercial license to get the license key. If you want
to test lightGallery before purchasing a commercial license, you can use
`0000-0000-000-0000` as a temporary license key.

[NOTE]
====
For projects that are compatible with GPLv3 license, please contact us
for getting a license key at contact@lightgalleryjs.com. 
====

string +
"0000-0000-000-0000"


=== loadYouTubePoster

Automatically load poster image for YouTube videos.

boolean +
true

=== loop

If false, will disable the ability to loop back to the beginning of the
gallery from the last slide.

boolean +
true

[#mobileSettings .anchor-id]#mobileSettings link:#mobileSettings[#]#

Partial

\{ controls: false, showCloseIcon: false, download: false, } as
MobileSettings

Separate settings for mobile devices

Note - this is applied only at the time of loading by default controls
and close buttons are disabled on mobile devices. use this options if
you want to enable them or change any other settings for mobile devices
Note - mobileSettings does not merge default values, You need to provide
all mobileSettings including default values

[#mode .anchor-id]#mode link:#mode[#]#

lg-slide lg-fade lg-zoom-in lg-zoom-in-big lg-zoom-out lg-zoom-out-big
lg-zoom-out-in lg-zoom-in-out lg-soft-zoom lg-scale-up lg-slide-circular
lg-slide-circular-vertical lg-slide-vertical lg-slide-vertical-growth
lg-slide-skew-only lg-slide-skew-only-rev lg-slide-skew-only-y
lg-slide-skew-only-y-rev lg-slide-skew lg-slide-skew-rev
lg-slide-skew-cross lg-slide-skew-cross-rev lg-slide-skew-ver
lg-slide-skew-ver-rev lg-slide-skew-ver-cross
lg-slide-skew-ver-cross-rev lg-lollipop lg-lollipop-rev lg-rotate
lg-rotate-rev lg-tube

"lg-slide"

Type of transition between images.

[#mousewheel .anchor-id]#mousewheel link:#mousewheel[#]#

boolean

false

ability to navigate to next/prev slides on mousewheel

[#nextHtml .anchor-id]#nextHtml link:#nextHtml[#]#

string

Custom html for next control

[#numberOfSlideItemsInDom .anchor-id]#numberOfSlideItemsInDom
link:#numberOfSlideItemsInDom[#]#

number

10

Control how many slide items should be kept in dom at a time

To improve performance by reducing number of gallery items in the dom,
lightGallery keeps only the lowest possible number of slides in the dom
at a time. This has a minimum value of 3

[#plugins .anchor-id]#plugins link:#plugins[#]#

{empty}[]

[#preload .anchor-id]#preload link:#preload[#]#

number

2

number of preload slides

will exicute only after the current slide is fully loaded. for example,
if you click on 4th image and if preload = 1 then 3rd slide and 5th
slide will be loaded in the background after the 4th slide is fully
loaded.. if preload is 2 then 2nd 3rd 5th 6th slides will be preloaded.

[#prevHtml .anchor-id]#prevHtml link:#prevHtml[#]#

string

Custom html for prev control

[#resetScrollPosition .anchor-id]#resetScrollPosition
link:#resetScrollPosition[#]#

boolean

true

Reset to previous scrollPosition when lightGallery is closed

By default, lightGallery doesn't hide the scrollbar for a smooth opening
transition. If a user changes the scroll position, lightGallery resets
it to the previous value

Minimum lightGallery version required: *V2.5.0*

[#selectWithin .anchor-id]#selectWithin link:#selectWithin[#]#

string

By default selector element relative to the current gallery. Instead of
that you can tell lightGallery to select element relative to another
element. Example - '.my-selector-container' | '#my-selector-container'
In the code this become selector =
document.querySelector(this.s.selectWithin
).querySelectorAll(this.s.selector);

[#selector .anchor-id]#selector link:#selector[#]#

Custom selector property instead of direct children.

Based on your markup structure, you can specify custom selectors to
fetch media data for the gallery Pass "this" to select same element You
can also pass HTMLCollection directly Example - '.my-selector' |
'#my-selector' | this | document.querySelectorAll('.my-selector')

[#showBarsAfter .anchor-id]#showBarsAfter link:#showBarsAfter[#]#

number

10000

Delay in hiding controls for the first time when gallery is opened

[#showCloseIcon .anchor-id]#showCloseIcon link:#showCloseIcon[#]#

boolean

true

If false, close button won't be displayed. Useful for creating inline
galleries.

[#showMaximizeIcon .anchor-id]#showMaximizeIcon
link:#showMaximizeIcon[#]#

boolean

false

Show maximize icon. Useful for creating inline galleries.

[#slideDelay .anchor-id]#slideDelay link:#slideDelay[#]#

number

0

Delay slide transitions.

This is useful if you want to do any action in the current slide before
moving to next slide.

For example, fading out the captions before going to next slide.
`.lg-slide-progress` class name is added to the current slide
immediately after calling the slide method. But transition begins only
after the delay

[#slideEndAnimation .anchor-id]#slideEndAnimation
link:#slideEndAnimation[#]#

boolean

true

Enable slideEnd animation

[#speed .anchor-id]#speed link:#speed[#]#

number

400

Transition duration (in ms).

[#startAnimationDuration .anchor-id]#startAnimationDuration
link:#startAnimationDuration[#]#

number

400

Zoom from image animation duration

[#startClass .anchor-id]#startClass link:#startClass[#]#

string

"lg-start-zoom"

Start animation class for the gallery.

* startClass will be empty zoomFromOrigin is true.
* This can be used to change the starting effect when the image is
loaded
* This is also applied when navigating to new slides

[#strings .anchor-id]#strings link:#strings[#]#

LightGalleryCoreStrings

\{ closeGallery: 'Close gallery', toggleMaximize: 'Toggle maximize',
previousSlide: 'Previous slide', nextSlide: 'Next slide', download:
'Download', playVideo: 'Play video', mediaLoadingFailed: 'Oops... Failed
to load content...', } as LightGalleryCoreStrings

Customize string.

This can be useful if you want to localize the lightGallery strings to
other languages. Use your own service to translate the strings and pass
it via settings.strings You can find dedicated strings option for all
lightGallery modules in their respective documentation. Note - You need
to provide values for all the strings. For example, even if you just
want to change the closeGallery string, you need to provide all the
other strings as well.

[#subHtmlSelectorRelative .anchor-id]#subHtmlSelectorRelative
link:#subHtmlSelectorRelative[#]#

boolean

false

Set to true if the selector in "data-sub-html" should use the current
item as its origin.

[#supportLegacyBrowser .anchor-id]#supportLegacyBrowser
link:#supportLegacyBrowser[#]#

boolean

true

Support legacy browsers

Currently this is used only for adding support to srcset attribute via
picturefill library If true lightGallery will show warning message to
include picturefill library

[#swipeThreshold .anchor-id]#swipeThreshold link:#swipeThreshold[#]#

number

50

By setting the swipeThreshold (in px) you can set how far the user must
swipe for the next/prev image.

[#swipeToClose .anchor-id]#swipeToClose link:#swipeToClose[#]#

boolean

true

allows vertical drag/swipe to close gallery `false` if option `closable`
is `false`

[#trapFocus .anchor-id]#trapFocus link:#trapFocus[#]#

boolean

true

Trap focus within the lightGallery

Minimum lightGallery version required: *V2.5.0*

[#videoMaxSize .anchor-id]#videoMaxSize link:#videoMaxSize[#]#

string

"1280-720"

Video max size.

This can be over-written by passing specific size via data-lg-size
attribute Recommended video resolution and & aspect ratios
https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/6375112

[#width .anchor-id]#width link:#width[#]#

string

"100%"

Width of the gallery. example '100%' , '300px'

[#zoomFromOrigin .anchor-id]#zoomFromOrigin link:#zoomFromOrigin[#]#

boolean

true

Enable zoom from origin effect.

You need to know the original image size upfront and provide it via
data-lg-size attribute as ` data-lg-size="1920-1280`" If you don't know,
the size of a few images in the list, you can skip the data-lg-size
attribute for the particular slides, lightGallery will show the default
animation if data-lg-size is not available If you are using responsive
images, you can pass a comma separated list of sizes combined with a
max-width (up to what size the particular image should be used) example
-
` data-lg-size="240-160-375, 400-267-480, 1600-1067"                     data-responsive="img-240.jpg 375, img-400.jpg 480"                     data-src="img-1600.jpg" `
In the above example, upto 375 width img.240.jpg and lg-size 240-160
will be used. Similarly, upto 480 pixel width size 400-267 and
img-400.jpg will be used And above 480, lg-size 1600-1067 and
img-1600.jpg will be used

* At the moment, zoomFromOrigin options is supported only for image
slides.
* Will be false if dynamic option is enabled or galleryID found in the
URL.
* startClass will be empty if zoomFromOrigin is true to avoid css
conflicts.

== Zoom Plugin

LightGallery zoom plugins enable functionalities like pinch to zoom,
double-tap, or double click to see the actual size, zoom in, zoom out,
and more.

*Plugin dependency* - You need to include Zoom plugin in the document to
use the following options.

Name

Type

Default

[#actualSize .anchor-id]#actualSize link:#actualSize[#]#

boolean

true

Enable actual size icon.

[#actualSizeIcons .anchor-id]#actualSizeIcons link:#actualSizeIcons[#]#

ActualSizeIcons

\{ zoomIn: 'lg-zoom-in', zoomOut: 'lg-zoom-out', } as ActualSizeIcons

Actual size icons classnames. Specify classnames for both ZoomIn and
ZoomOut states You can use `actualSizeIcons: \{ zoomIn:
'lg-actual-size', zoomOut: 'lg-zoom-out' }` to show actual size icons
instead of zoom in and zoom out icons.

[#enableZoomAfter .anchor-id]#enableZoomAfter link:#enableZoomAfter[#]#

number

300

Once the slide transition is completed, how much time should take zoom
plugin to activate

Some css styles will be added to the images if zoom is enabled. So it
might conflict if you add any custom styles to the images such as the
initial transition while opening the gallery. So you can delay adding
zoom related styles to the images by changing the value of
enableZoomAfter.

[#infiniteZoom .anchor-id]#infiniteZoom link:#infiniteZoom[#]#

boolean

true

Enable/Disable infinite zoom

If you set this to true, you can zoom in more than the original size of
the image.

[#scale .anchor-id]#scale link:#scale[#]#

number

1

Value of zoom should be incremented/decremented

[#showZoomInOutIcons .anchor-id]#showZoomInOutIcons
link:#showZoomInOutIcons[#]#

boolean

false

Show zoom in, zoom out icons

[#zoom .anchor-id]#zoom link:#zoom[#]#

boolean

true

Enable/Disable zoom option

[#zoomPluginStrings .anchor-id]#zoomPluginStrings
link:#zoomPluginStrings[#]#

ZoomStrings

\{ zoomIn: 'Zoom in', zoomOut: 'Zoom out', viewActualSize: 'View actual
size', } as ZoomStrings

Custom translation strings for aria-labels

== Thumbnails plugin

Thumbnails plugins is required to generate thumbnails for your gallery,
it supports features like animated thumbnails, automatically load
thumbnails from external videos, and more.

*Plugin dependency* - You need to include Thumbnails plugin in the
document to use the following options.

Name

Type

Default

[#alignThumbnails .anchor-id]#alignThumbnails link:#alignThumbnails[#]#

left middle right

"middle"

Position of thumbnails when the width of all thumbnails combined is less
than the gallery's width.

[#animateThumb .anchor-id]#animateThumb link:#animateThumb[#]#

boolean

true

[#appendThumbnailsTo .anchor-id]#appendThumbnailsTo
link:#appendThumbnailsTo[#]#

.lg-outer .lg-components

".lg-components"

control where the thumbnails should be appended. By default, thumbnails
are appended to '.lg-components' which has inbuilt open close
transitions If you don't want initial thumbnails transitions, or want to
do more customization, you can append thumbnails to the lightGalley
outer div - link:/demos/thumbnails/#static-thumbnails[Demo]

[#currentPagerPosition .anchor-id]#currentPagerPosition
link:#currentPagerPosition[#]#

left middle right

"middle"

Position of selected thumbnail.

[#enableThumbDrag .anchor-id]#enableThumbDrag link:#enableThumbDrag[#]#

boolean

true

Enables desktop mouse drag support for thumbnails.

[#enableThumbSwipe .anchor-id]#enableThumbSwipe
link:#enableThumbSwipe[#]#

boolean

true

Enables thumbnail touch/swipe support for touch devices

[#loadYouTubeThumbnail .anchor-id]#loadYouTubeThumbnail
link:#loadYouTubeThumbnail[#]#

boolean

true

You can automatically load thumbnails for YouTube videos from YouTube by
setting loadYouTubeThumbnail true

[#thumbHeight .anchor-id]#thumbHeight link:#thumbHeight[#]#

string

"80px"

Height of each thumbnails.

[#thumbMargin .anchor-id]#thumbMargin link:#thumbMargin[#]#

number

5

Spacing between each thumbnails

[#thumbWidth .anchor-id]#thumbWidth link:#thumbWidth[#]#

number

100

Width of each thumbnails.

[#thumbnail .anchor-id]#thumbnail link:#thumbnail[#]#

boolean

true

Enable thumbnails for the gallery

[#thumbnailPluginStrings .anchor-id]#thumbnailPluginStrings
link:#thumbnailPluginStrings[#]#

ThumbnailStrings

\{ toggleThumbnails: 'Toggle thumbnails', } as ThumbnailStrings

Custom translation strings for aria-labels

[#thumbnailSwipeThreshold .anchor-id]#thumbnailSwipeThreshold
link:#thumbnailSwipeThreshold[#]#

number

10

By setting the thumbnailSwipeThreshold (in px) you can set how far the
user must swipe for the next/prev slide.

[#toggleThumb .anchor-id]#toggleThumb link:#toggleThumb[#]#

boolean

false

Enable toggle captions and thumbnails.

not applicable if allowMediaOverlap is false

[#youTubeThumbSize .anchor-id]#youTubeThumbSize
link:#youTubeThumbSize[#]#

number

1

You can specify the thumbnail size by setting respective number.

== Video plugin

Video plugin is required to display videos in lightGallery. Video plugin
supports, YouTube, Vimeo, Wistia,and HTML5 videos.

*Dependency* - You need to include
https://github.com/vimeo/player.js/[player.js] for Vimeo videos and
https://wistia.com/support/developers/player-api[Wistia player API] for
Wistia videos on your docment to enable video player feature like
automatic play pause, automatically navigate to next slide when video
ended.

*Plugin dependency* - You need to include Video plugin in the document
to use the following options.

Name

Type

Default

[#autoplayFirstVideo .anchor-id]#autoplayFirstVideo
link:#autoplayFirstVideo[#]#

boolean

true

Enable/DIsable first video autoplay.

Autoplay has to be managed using this setting. Autoplay in PlayerParams
doesn't have any effect.

[#autoplayVideoOnSlide .anchor-id]#autoplayVideoOnSlide
link:#autoplayVideoOnSlide[#]#

boolean

false

Autoplay video on slide change

Make sure you set preload:"none"

[#gotoNextSlideOnVideoEnd .anchor-id]#gotoNextSlideOnVideoEnd
link:#gotoNextSlideOnVideoEnd[#]#

boolean

true

Go to next slide when video is ended Note - this doesn't work with
YouTube videos at the moment

[#videojs .anchor-id]#videojs link:#videojs[#]#

boolean

false

Enable videojs custom video player

*Dependency* - You need to include https://videojs.com/[videoJs] on your
document to enable videojs player

[#videojsOptions .anchor-id]#videojsOptions link:#videojsOptions[#]#

any

Videojs player options

[#videojsTheme .anchor-id]#videojsTheme link:#videojsTheme[#]#

string

Class name of the videojs theme You need to include the theme stylesheet
on your document.
https://videojs.com/getting-started/#home-page-themes[More info]

Minimum lightGallery version required: *V2.5.0*

[#vimeoPlayerParams .anchor-id]#vimeoPlayerParams
link:#vimeoPlayerParams[#]#

PlayerParams

false

Change Vimeo player parameters. You can find the list of vimeo player
parameters from the following link
https://developer.vimeo.com/player/embedding#universal-parameters[Vimeo
player parameters]

[source,chroma]
----
lightGallery(document.getElementById('lightGallery'), {
    vimeoPlayerParams: {
        byline : 0,
        portrait : 0,
        color : 'CCCCCC'
    }
})
----

[#wistiaPlayerParams .anchor-id]#wistiaPlayerParams
link:#wistiaPlayerParams[#]#

any

false

Change Wistia player parameters. You can find the list of Wistia player
parameters from the following link
https://wistia.com/support/developers/embed-options#using-embed-options[Vimeo
player parameters]

[#youTubePlayerParams .anchor-id]#youTubePlayerParams
link:#youTubePlayerParams[#]#

any

false

Change YouTube player parameters. You can find the list of YouTube
player parameters from the following link
https://developers.google.com/youtube/player_parameters[YouTube player
parameters]

[source,chroma]
----
lightGallery(document.getElementById('lightGallery'), {
    youTubePlayerParams: {
        modestbranding : 1,
        showinfo : 0,
        controls : 0
    }
})
----

== Hash plugin

lightGallery hash plugin lets you provide custom unique URLs for each
gallery image. This link can be used to share media anywhere on the web.
It allows you to navigate to different slides via browser back/forward
buttons too.

*Plugin dependency* - You need to include Hash plugin in the document to
use the following options.

Name

Type

Default

[#customSlideName .anchor-id]#customSlideName link:#customSlideName[#]#

boolean

false

Custom slide name to use in the url when hash plugin is enabled

[#galleryId .anchor-id]#galleryId link:#galleryId[#]#

string

"1"

Unique id for each gallery.

It is mandatory when you use hash plugin for multiple galleries on the
same page.

[#hash .anchor-id]#hash link:#hash[#]#

boolean

true

Enable/Disable hash option

== Autoplay plugin

lightGallery autoplay plugin supports automatic slideshow which can be
stopped on the first user action. It supports progress bar that
indicates the duration of the current slide.

*Plugin dependency* - You need to include Autoplay plugin in the
document to use the following options.

Name

Type

Default

[#appendAutoplayControlsTo .anchor-id]#appendAutoplayControlsTo
link:#appendAutoplayControlsTo[#]#

string

".lg-toolbar"

Specify where the autoplay controls should be appended.

[#autoplay .anchor-id]#autoplay link:#autoplay[#]#

boolean

true

Enable autoplay plugin

[#autoplayControls .anchor-id]#autoplayControls
link:#autoplayControls[#]#

boolean

true

Show/hide autoplay controls.

[#autoplayPluginStrings .anchor-id]#autoplayPluginStrings
link:#autoplayPluginStrings[#]#

AutoplayStrings

\{ toggleAutoplay: 'Toggle Autoplay', } as AutoplayStrings

Custom translation strings for aria-labels

[#forceSlideShowAutoplay .anchor-id]#forceSlideShowAutoplay
link:#forceSlideShowAutoplay[#]#

boolean

false

If false autoplay will be stopped after first user action

[#progressBar .anchor-id]#progressBar link:#progressBar[#]#

boolean

true

Show autoplay progressBar

[#slideShowAutoplay .anchor-id]#slideShowAutoplay
link:#slideShowAutoplay[#]#

boolean

false

Enable slideshow autoplay

[#slideShowInterval .anchor-id]#slideShowInterval
link:#slideShowInterval[#]#

number

5000

The time (in ms) between each auto transition.

== Rotate plugin

Rotate plugin support features like rotate clockwise, rotate
anticlockwise, flip horizontal, flip vertical with single click.

*Plugin dependency* - You need to include Rotate plugin in the document
to use the following options.

Name

Type

Default

[#flipHorizontal .anchor-id]#flipHorizontal link:#flipHorizontal[#]#

boolean

true

Enable flip horizontal.

[#flipVertical .anchor-id]#flipVertical link:#flipVertical[#]#

boolean

true

Enable flip vertical.

[#rotate .anchor-id]#rotate link:#rotate[#]#

boolean

true

Enable/Disable rotate option

[#rotateLeft .anchor-id]#rotateLeft link:#rotateLeft[#]#

boolean

true

Enable rotate left.

[#rotatePluginStrings .anchor-id]#rotatePluginStrings
link:#rotatePluginStrings[#]#

RotateStrings

\{ flipVertical: 'Flip vertical', flipHorizontal: 'Flip horizontal',
rotateLeft: 'Rotate left', rotateRight: 'Rotate right', } as
RotateStrings

Custom translation strings for aria-labels

[#rotateRight .anchor-id]#rotateRight link:#rotateRight[#]#

boolean

true

Enable rotate right.

[#rotateSpeed .anchor-id]#rotateSpeed link:#rotateSpeed[#]#

number

400

Rotate speed in milliseconds

== Share plugin

lightGallery share plugin allows you to share your images/videos to
social media platforms such as Twitter or Facebook with unique url. It
supports adding your own social share button too.

*Plugin dependency* - You need to include Share plugin in the document
to use the following options.

Name

Type

Default

[#additionalShareOptions .anchor-id]#additionalShareOptions
link:#additionalShareOptions[#]#

{empty}[]

Array of additional share options

This can be used to build additional share options.
link:/demos/share/[Demo]

[#facebook .anchor-id]#facebook link:#facebook[#]#

boolean

true

Enable Facebook share.

[#facebookDropdownText .anchor-id]#facebookDropdownText
link:#facebookDropdownText[#]#

string

"Facebook"

Facebook dropdown text.

[#pinterest .anchor-id]#pinterest link:#pinterest[#]#

boolean

true

Enable pinterest share.

[#pinterestDropdownText .anchor-id]#pinterestDropdownText
link:#pinterestDropdownText[#]#

string

"Pinterest"

Pinterest dropdown text

[#share .anchor-id]#share link:#share[#]#

boolean

true

Enable/Disable share options

[#sharePluginStrings .anchor-id]#sharePluginStrings
link:#sharePluginStrings[#]#

ShareStrings

\{ share: 'Share' } as ShareStrings

Custom translation strings for aria-labels

[#twitter .anchor-id]#twitter link:#twitter[#]#

boolean

true

Enable twitter share.

[#twitterDropdownText .anchor-id]#twitterDropdownText
link:#twitterDropdownText[#]#

string

"Twitter"

Twitter dropdown text

== Pager plugin

If you prefer minimal layouts, you can opt pagers plugin instead of
thumbnails using the pager plugin. Pagers create minimal graphics that
represent each slide, and hovering over each pager item, shows the
correspondent thumbnails.

*Plugin dependency* - You need to include Pager plugin in the document
to use the following options.

Name

Type

Default

[#pager .anchor-id]#pager link:#pager[#]#

boolean

true

Enable/Disable pager option

== FullScreen plugin

lightGallery Fullscreen plugin supports native HTML5 fullscreen feature
in the gallery. you can toggle fullscreen with one click

*Plugin dependency* - You need to include FullScreen plugin in the
document to use the following options.

Name

Type

Default

[#fullScreen .anchor-id]#fullScreen link:#fullScreen[#]#

boolean

true

Enable/Disable fullscreen option

[#fullscreenPluginStrings .anchor-id]#fullscreenPluginStrings
link:#fullscreenPluginStrings[#]#

FullscreenStrings

\{ toggleFullscreen: 'Toggle Fullscreen', } as FullscreenStrings

Custom translation strings for aria-labels

== Comment box plugin

Comment plugin supports FaceBook and Disqus comments out of the box.
Allows people to comment on slides using their Facebook or Disqus
accounts. You can easily add your own comment widget as well.

*Plugin dependency* - You need to include Comment box plugin in the
document to use the following options.

Name

Type

Default

[#commentBox .anchor-id]#commentBox link:#commentBox[#]#

boolean

false

Enable comment box

[#commentPluginStrings .anchor-id]#commentPluginStrings
link:#commentPluginStrings[#]#

CommentStrings

\{ toggleComments: 'Toggle Comments', } as CommentStrings

Custom translation strings for aria-labels

[#commentsMarkup .anchor-id]#commentsMarkup link:#commentsMarkup[#]#

string

"<div id="lg-comment-box" class="lg-comment-box lg-fb-comment-box"><div
class="lg-comment-header"><h3 class="lg-comment-title">Leave a
comment.</h3><span class="lg-comment-close lg-icon"></span></div><div
class="lg-comment-body"></div></div>"

Facebook comments default markup

[#disqusComments .anchor-id]#disqusComments link:#disqusComments[#]#

boolean

false

Enable disqus comment box

[#disqusConfig .anchor-id]#disqusConfig link:#disqusConfig[#]#

false

Disqus comment config

[#fbComments .anchor-id]#fbComments link:#fbComments[#]#

boolean

Enable facebook comment box

== Medium zoom plugin

MediumZoom plugin helps you create similar zooming experience as seen on
medium. This is a very basic plugin created just to demonstrate the
customizability of lightGallery
[.badge .rounded-pill .bg-danger .font-12]#v2.1.0#

*Plugin dependency* - You need to include Medium zoom plugin in the
document to use the following options.

Name

Type

Default

[#backgroundColor .anchor-id]#backgroundColor link:#backgroundColor[#]#

string

"#000"

Background color for the gallery This can be overwritten by passing
background color via `lg-background-color` for each item

[#margin .anchor-id]#margin link:#margin[#]#

number

40

Space between the gallery outer area and images

[#mediumZoom .anchor-id]#mediumZoom link:#mediumZoom[#]#

boolean

true

Enable/Disable medium like zoom experience

== Vimeo thumbnails plugin

Vimeo thumbnails plugin helps you load thumbnails automatically for
Vimeo videos. [.badge .rounded-pill .bg-danger .font-12]#v2.5.0#

*Plugin dependency* - You need to include Vimeo Thumbnails plugin in the
document to use the following options.

Name

Type

Default

[#showThumbnailWithPlayButton .anchor-id]#showThumbnailWithPlayButton
link:#showThumbnailWithPlayButton[#]#

boolean

false

Show thumbnails with play button

[#showVimeoThumbnails .anchor-id]#showVimeoThumbnails
link:#showVimeoThumbnails[#]#

boolean

true

Auto load thumbnails for Vimeo videos

https://github.com/sachinchoolur/lightGallery/tree/master/site/content/docs/settings.md[image:data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIxNiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxNiIgdmlld2JveD0iMCAwIDI0IDI0IiBmaWxsPSJub25lIiBzdHJva2U9ImN1cnJlbnRjb2xvciIgc3Ryb2tlLXdpZHRoPSIyIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWNhcD0icm91bmQiIHN0cm9rZS1saW5lam9pbj0icm91bmQiIGNsYXNzPSJmZWF0aGVyIGZlYXRoZXItZWRpdC0yIj4KICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIDxwYXRoIGQ9Ik0xNyAzYTIuODI4IDIuODI4LjAgMTE0IDRMNy41IDIwLjUgMiAyMmwxLjUtNS41TDE3IDN6Ij48L3BhdGg+CiAgICAgICAgICAgICAgPC9zdmc+[image]
Edit this page on GitHub]

https://www.lightgalleryjs.com/docs/getting-started/[]

← Get started

https://www.lightgalleryjs.com/docs/events/[]

Events →
